Adding release notes, and highlights for 2.3.0 release (#5766)
elastic/cloud-on-k8s: docs/release-notes/highlights-2.3.0.asciidoc

[[release-highlights-2.3.0]]
== 2.3.0 release highlights

[float]
[id="{p}-230-new-and-notable"]
=== New and notable

New and notable changes in version 2.3.0 of {n}. Check <<release-notes-2.3.0>> for the full list of changes.

> 

Reviewer: Should we mention that we are going back to distroless as the base image ?

[float]
[id="{p}-230-cleartext-password-"]
==== Creating Elasticsearch users with cleartext passwords

While it is already possible to use Kubernetes secrets to manage custom users, it requires to compute the hashed representation of the passwords beforehand. Starting with ECK 2.3.0 it is now possible to provide the user password as a clear text value. The operator automatically maintains the hashed representation in the file realm.

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret
metadata:
  name: secret-basic-auth
stringData:
  username: myuser
  password: mypassword # clear text value of the password
  roles: kibana_admin,ingest_admin  # optional
----

[float]
[id="{p}-230-observedGeneration-"]
==== Observed generation

> The last resource's generation processed by the operator, also known as the "observed generation", is now set and maintained in the status subresource on all kinds of Elastic resources. While in version 2.2 this enhancement was only available on Elasticsearch and Kibana, it is now also enabled on Agent, Beats, APM Server and Enterprise Search resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The most recent generation of a resource processed by the operator, also known as the "observed generation", is now set and maintained in the status subresource on all kinds of Elastic resources. While in version 2.2 this enhancement was only available on Elasticsearch and Kibana, it is now also enabled on Agent, Beats, APM Server and Enterprise Search resources.
```
